Alexa tell my food log that I had mongolian beef
alexa “good night” turn everything off
* Alexa santa shopping list
Alexa what is the status of AWS?  What is the status of EC2-Us-East-1?
* Alexa show me saturn programmable telescope with educational info
Alexa, what have I forgotten for my trip? Camping/vacation/etc
Alexa, can you check my portfolio status?  What are the market conditions?
Alexa, restore my faith in humanity.  Gives you reasons to live.
Alexa, move the drones to waypoint five.  Drone manipulation.
Alexa, Uber my Tinder.
Alexa, get me the milk, eggs, and flour.  Get the GROCERIES!
Alexa, my glucose level is currently 86.2.  Here’s what you should do.
Alexa, check my stacks.
Alexa, tell me more about my medicine.  What are the reactions?  With tracking data.
Alexa, find me deals on my wishlist.  
Alexa, print me a new fork.  I need a new Kylo Ren figure.
Alexa, where is the pharmacy in this hospital.
* Alexa, get me customer service at AT&T.  Call me when they’re ready.
Alexa, where is my daughter right now?
* Alexa, bring my wife flowers.  Based on learning in the home.
Alexa, send me wife flowers on our anniversary.
Alexa, where is the best place to sell my 89 Buick?
Alexa, get Travel Agent to book a trip to Vegas.  Gets hotel, flight, rental car, etc.
Alexa, what have my students posted?  What is my GPA?
* Alexa, when do I need to leave for my flight?  Super-contextual response.
Alexa, hack all the things.  Do the automated testing as you will.
Alexa, who broke the build?
Alexa, give me a review for this game I’m playing.  Help me find stuff.
* Alexa, how is my business doing?  Looks at all of the backend financials.
Alexa, do I have enough gas to get to work?
Alexa, start my car!
Alexa, what is my current flexible spending account balance?  What are our deductibles?  What is my 401k balance?
Alexa, who are my customers?  
Alexa, I just did 300 pushups.  How many calories did I burn?
Alexa, what is my daily summary?  Exercise, distance traveled.  Give plan in morning.
Alexa, buy 10 shares of AMZN.  Sell sell sell!
Alexa, what kind of food should my dog eat?  Why is he puking purple?
Alexa, what is my home status?  Checks all of the sensors, visitors, etc.
* Alexa, do I need to change my water filter.  I changed my water filter!